Return-Path: <fayolarayon@yahoo.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait@em.ca
Received: (qmail 23928 invoked from network); 21 Dec 2001 18:28:45 -0000
Received: from web20207.mail.yahoo.com (216.136.226.62)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 21 Dec 2001 18:28:45 -0000
Message-ID: <20011221182859.3908.qmail@web20207.mail.yahoo.com>
Received: from [210.164.70.34] by web20207.mail.yahoo.com via HTTP; Fri, 21 Dec 2001 10:28:59 PST
Date: Fri, 21 Dec 2001 10:28:59 -0800 (PST)
From: fayola rayon <fayolarayon@yahoo.com>
Subject: HOME-EMPLOYMENT
To: ship@bluenose2.ns.ca
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Length: 9672
Lines: 283

HOME-WORKERS NEEDED!

$300-$1000 PLUS WEEKLY

Simple, pleasant work...you do at home.

Dear Friend,
 
Are you seeking a rewarding second income? Would
you like to set your own work schedule? Work the
hours you choose? Earn extra income for your
family? If so, then we may have the answer.
Current statistics show that by the year 2010,
40-60% of the American work-force will be working
from home. Get a jump on your future and secure a
job through us. Our company provides a special
work-at-home program that is used by thousands of
people and businesses across the globe. With your
help, we can reach and provide a better program
to more of these people and businesses, faster
and at a lower cost, than our competitors. The
vast majority of these positions require no
special skills or experience, just a sincere
desire to GET STARTED, and EARN MONEY!
 
YOU CAN EARN GOOD MONEY!!!
 
Potential incomes range from $300 to $1000 weekly
or more, depending only on the amount of free
time you have available. The effort you invest
can make you a substantial income. You'll find
this work, done easily and quickly, can double or
even triple your income. With just one or two
hours per day you will be excitedly surprised at
how easy we've made it to get the type of
position you want and how profitable this work
actually is. You can earn enough money working in
your spare time to purchase that new car or boat
you've been wanting, pay off credit cards, bills,
or even take a vacation. Maybe just add more
financial security for yourself or your family.
Whatever the reason, you can't go wrong.
 
ALL BUSINESS CAN BE DONE RIGHT FROM YOUR OWN HOME
 
You can start the same day you receive our
program and instructions and begin receiving
money within a matter of days. Most of these
positions require no prior experience or special
skills and our program is specifically designed
to get you up and running as fast as possible.

HELP SOLVE YOUR MONEY PROBLEMS
 
If you are looking for an excellent extra income
to relieve financial pressures, you owe it to
yourself to investigate our program. Naturally,
no company can afford to send out expensive
information for free to everyone who writes in
asking for it. Therefore, we must ask each person
for a one time fee of $10.00. This fee covers all
the cost of our work-at-home program and includes
complete details. It also assures us that you are
serious about working as a Home-Worker. We will
not ask or require you to pay us for any
additional information, instructions, or
materials. There is no hassle. However, you must
act promptly. At this time there is a need for
dependable Home-Workers in your area, some of
whom may start in the very near future. There are
only a limited number of positions needed for
each position for each region and as soon as
each position is filled, we will cease to offer
this program. Your help is needed now! So, if
you're a productive, positive person, we're
looking forward to hearing from you and seeing
you benefit from our program.
 
SIMPLE, EASY, AND PROFITABLE, THIS PROGRAM MAY BE
THE BEST WAY TO MAKE AN EXCELLENT INCOME AT HOME.
 
If this sounds like something you might be
interested in, read on. If not, thank you for
your time. We hope to hear from you soon.
 
Sincerely,

Manager
Home Workers Division
ZCC Marketing
 
 
 
Start earning now. Here's what you need to do.

 
(1) Read, complete, and return the attached form.
(2) Enclose your one time processing fee of
$10.00.
(3) All correspondence and material will be
addressed to you. Please open on day of arrival.
(4) Follow all instructions explicitly.
(5) If you find yourself pressed for time, you
can stop work with most positions and come back
at a later date, but it will be insisted that you
maintain a high level of quality when working.
 
OUR STEP-BY-STEP PROGRAM IS SIMPLE, AND OUR
INSTRUCTIONS ARE WRITTEN IN EASY TO FOLLOW
LANGUAGE.
 
There is a way to earn a substantial income at
home...
 
The Home-Workers Program.
 
YOUR SERVICES ARE NEEDED NOW.
 
Please Respond Today! Positions are limited and
time can affect your acceptance for desired
positions.
 
FILL OUT THE FORM AND RETURN TO OUR ADDRESS
BELOW
 
Last Name:_______________________

First Name:______________________

Mailing Address:_________________________________

                _________________________________

City:____________________________

State:_______________________

Zip Code:______________________

Home Tel.#: (_______)________-_________ 

Age:______

Date of Birth:_____/_____/______

E-mail Address:______________________________

Do you work more than 40 hours per week?[]Yes[]No

(READ AND SIGN BELOW) By signing, I state that I
am seriously interested in becoming a Home-Worker 
and not just out to satisfy my curiosity. I wish
to have the program and instructions sent to me
at the above address. I understand that the
Home-Workers Program does not contain and is not
in any way a get-rich-quick scheme and that the
fee I am enclosing is a one-time fee only and
that ZCC Marketing will not ask for or require
any further funds.
 
Signature____________________________

Date:_____/_____/_____


 
**Processing fee must be in US FUNDS ONLY please.

*Applicant must be 18 years of age or older.
*If you don't have access to a printer, you may
copy the application onto regular notebook paper.
Please use a pen. 
*The $10.00 fee is a one time fee. You will not
be required, asked, or need to pay us any other
fees.
*Please note that personal checks may be held up
to 30 days for bank clearance. If you are eager
to get started, you should use a Money Order for
your processing fee.
 
Send Application and a $10.00 Check or Money
Order (US FUNDS ONLY) made payable to:

ZCC Marketing
 
Send to:
 
ZCC Marketing
1489 Marine Drive #514
West Vancouver, B.C.
CANADA V7T 1B8
 
 
Because we are a company soliciting people from
the public we must assure you that we are the
BEST type of company PERIOD. Because we require
an initial fee to use our program, many people
are skeptical, and miss out on a great
opportunity. This fee covers our expenses for
materials and delivery as well as assures us that
you are serious about working with the
Home-Workers Program. We know that current
Home-Workers are happy and making an excellent
income just from reading their testimonials. This
makes us happy and enables us to succeed and
continue our success together. Here are just a
couple of the many testimonials received from
Independant Home-Workers:
 
  I want to thank you for giving me this
opportunity to work from my home. It couldn't
have come along at a better time. The work is so
simple and the pay is incredible. My wife and I
have been working at home together part-time
and are exceeding what either of us make at our
full-time jobs. Thanks again!
                      B. Roberts ------ Tampa, FL
 
  Thanks for everything! I was having trouble
making ends meet at my present employment. But
thanks to you and your Home-Workers Program, I
was able to pay off some old bills and put money
in the bank. Now I'm looking forward to taking a
well deserved vacation.
                   K. Williams ----- Seattle, WA
 
Why are Home-Workers needed? The cost of supplying
an office is more expensive than most people may
think. The cost of office space per square foot,
  taxes employing staff,   taxes employing
supervisors,   taxes, medical insurance, dental
insurance, and office liability insurance,
multiplied by each region covered, all involving
paperwork, accountants and more taxes. YOUR
SERVICES ARE NEEDED TO SAVE TIME AND MONEY! Your
role will be as an Independent Home-Worker, not
an employee. Taxes will not be taken from your
checks and medical or dental insurance is usually
not offered. As a Home-Worker, your residence and
many other aspects of everyday living can be
declared business expenses. Receive cash-back on
your taxes! You may request copies of personal
materials at any time at no charge to yourself.
You can start the same day you receive our
materials by selecting the postion that is best
for you and begin receiving money within days and
have a steady income as long as you desire. These
positions usually require no experience or
special skills. There are many companies which
want to expand their businesses, but do not want
to pay the higher expenses. It is much easier to
have Independent Home-Workers earn money doing
this work themselves. This program is designed to
help people cash in with a company that needs an
Independant Home-Worker. The Home-Workers Program
has been perfected so that it has become one of
the most successful and profitable programs ever
and is supplying people around the world with
excellent primary and secondary incomes. We
invite you to take part in our success. The money
you earn is up to you. We do not require that you
produce a certain amount of work each week. You
can take on whatever amount of business that fits
your schedule and you can stop whenever you want.
There are no obligations. There is no need to do
any door to door selling or phone soliciting. You
may work in the comfort of your own home, choose
your own hours and set your own pace. No need to
leave your present job. Form workshops with your
friends or get the whole family to join in. The
possibilities are UNLIMITED!
 
DUE TO COMPANY EXPANSIONS YOUR SERVICES ARE
NEEDED NOW.

Thank you, and we're looking forward to your
success through our program in the near future.

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Check out Yahoo! Shopping and Yahoo! Auctions for all of
your unique holiday gifts! Buy at http://shopping.yahoo.com
or bid at http://auctions.yahoo.com
