Return-Path: <advance2us@yahoo.com>
Spam-Apparently-To: <gail@clevengerassoc.com>
Received: (qmail 7944 invoked from network); 28 Oct 2001 00:07:16 -0000
Received: from web14707.mail.yahoo.com (216.136.224.124)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 28 Oct 2001 00:07:16 -0000
Message-ID: <20011028001029.2188.qmail@web14707.mail.yahoo.com>
Received: from [211.11.200.162] by web14707.mail.yahoo.com via HTTP; Sat, 27 Oct 2001 17:10:29 PDT
Date: Sat, 27 Oct 2001 17:10:29 -0700 (PDT)
From: Homer Simpleton <advance2us@yahoo.com>
Subject: HOME-EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
To: gail@behindreality.com
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii

HOME-MAILERS NEEDED!

$300 - $1000 PLUS WEEKLY

Simple, pleasant work...you do at home.

COMPANY EXPANDS INTO THE U.S.A.

Dear Friend,

Are you seeking a rewarding second income? Would
you like to set your own work schedule? Work the
hours you choose? Earn extra income for your
family? If so, then we may have the answer.
Current statistics show that by the year 2010,
40-60% of the North American work-force will be 
working from home. Get a jump on your future and 
secure a job through us. Our company provides a 
service to thousands of people and businesses 
across the United States and Canada. With your 
help, we can reach and provide a better service 
to more of these people and businesses, faster 
and at a lower cost than our competitors. We 
handle a marketing program called the Home-
Mailers Program, which consists of envelope 
processing and mailing. These positions require 
no special skills or experience, just a sincere 
desire to GET STARTED, and EARN MONEY!
 
YOU CAN EARN GOOD MONEY!!!
 
Potential incomes range from $300 to $1000 weekly
or more. Pay rate is based on a $2.00 per
envelope basis. The average Home-Mailer stuffs
anywhere from 150 to 500 envelopes a week,
depending on the amount of free time they have
available. The envelopes you process can make
you a substantial income. You'll find this work,
done easily and quickly, can double or even
triple your income. With just one or two hours
per day you will be excitedly surprised at how
easy we've made it and how profitable this work
actually is. You can earn enough money working in
your spare time to purchase that new car or boat
you've been wanting, pay off credit cards, bills,
or even take a vacation. Maybe just add more
financial security for yourself or your family.
Whatever the reason, you can't go wrong.
 
ALL BUSINESS CAN BE DONE RIGHT FROM YOUR OWN HOME
 
You can start the same day you receive our
materials and begin receiving money within a
matter of days. These positions require no prior
experience or special skills. We'll get you up
and running as fast as possible. Checks are
mailed out every two weeks.
 
HELP SOLVE YOUR MONEY PROBLEMS
 
If you are looking for an excellent extra income
to relieve financial pressures, you owe it to
yourself to investigate our program. Naturally,
no company can afford to send out costly
materials to everyone who writes in asking for
it. Therefore, we must ask each applicant for a
one time application processing fee of $10.00.
This fee covers processing and the materials you
will receive upon your acceptance and is returned
to you with your first check. It also assures
us that you are serious about working with our
company as a Home-Mailer. We will not ask or
require you to pay us for any additional
information, instructions, or materials to stay
with us, and stay with us as long as you desire.
If for any reason you are not accepted into our
Home-Mailers Program, your processing fee will be
sent directly back to you. There is no hassle.
However, you must act promptly. At this time we
are in need of dependable Home-Mailers in your
area, of whom may start in the very near future.
There are only a limited number of positions
needed for each region of the country and as soon
as we have enough people to complete the
needs in your area we will not be offering any
more applications. We need your help now! So, if
you're a productive, positive person, we're
looking forward to working with you.
 
SIMPLE, EASY, AND PROFITABLE, THIS PROGRAM IS THE
BEST WAY TO MAKE AN EXCELLENT INCOME AT HOME.
 
If this sounds like something you might be
interested in, read on. If not, thank you for
your time. We hope to hear from you soon.
 
Sincerely Yours,

Rick Corbin
Manager
U.S. and Canadian Operations
 
 
Start earning now. Here's what you need to do.

 
(1) Read, complete, and return the attached
application.
(2) Enclose your one time application processing
fee of $10.00 U.S.
(3) All correspondence and materials will be
addressed to you. Please open on day of arrival.
(4) Follow all instructions when processing and
mailing.
(5) If you find yourself pressed for time, you
can stop work with us and come back at a later
date, but we must insist you maintain a high
level of quality when processing and mailing.

DUE TO RECENT EXPANSION INTO THE AMERICAN

MARKET U.S. MAILERS NOW NEEDED IN EVERY STATE.

 
OUR STEP-BY-STEP SYSTEM OF MAILING IS SIMPLE, AND
OUR INSTRUCTIONS ARE WRITTEN IN AN EASY TO FOLLOW
LANGUAGE.
 
There is a way to earn a substantial income at
home...
 
The Home-Mailers Program.
 
YOUR SERVICES ARE NEEDED NOW.


Please Respond Today! Positions are limited and
time can affect your acceptance for desired
positions.

FILL OUT APPLICATION AND RETURN TO OUR ADDRESS
BELOW - PLEASE PRINT CLEARLY
 
Last Name:_______________________________________

First Name:______________________________________

Mailing Address:_________________________________

City:____________________________________________

State:___________________________________________

Zip:_____________________________________________

Country__________________________________________

Home Tel.#: (_______)________-_________ 

Age:______

Date of Birth:_____-_____ - _____

E-mail Address:_________________________________


(READ AND SIGN BELOW) By signing, I state that I
am seriously interested in becoming a Home-Mailer 
for your company and not just out to satisfy my 
curiosity. I wish to have the necessary materials
and instructions sent to me at the above address. 
I understand that the Home-Mailers Program is 
not a get-rich-quick scheme and that the fee I am 
enclosing is an application processing fee which 
will be returned to me with my first check.
 
Signature_______________________________________

Date:___________________________________________


**Processing fee must be in US FUNDS ONLY please.

*If applicant is under 18 have a guardian sign
above and indicate age of applicant.
*If you don't have access to a printer, you may
copy the application onto regular notebook paper.
Please use pen.
*All fees are one time fees. You will not be
required, asked, or need to pay us any other fees
to stay with us and stay as long as you like. All
potential pay rates are Guaranteed!
*If you are paying with a check, we hold materials
till your check clears. (up to 21 days)

Send Application and a $10.00 Check or Money
Order (US FUNDS ONLY) made payable to: 
ZCC Marketing

It is advisable that when you send your payment
you send it inside of a blank piece of paper.

Send to:
 
ZCC Marketing
1489 Marine Drive #514
West Vancouver, B.C.
Canada  V7T 1B8

If you are sending your application from the U.S.
please put 60c postage on the letter for first 
class air mail.
 
Because we are a company recruiting people from
the public we must assure you that we are the
BEST company to work with and that we provide the
MOST PROFITABLE income. Because we require an
initial fee to get started, many people are
skeptical, and miss out on a great opportunity.
This fee covers our expenses for materials,
postage, processing, and assures us that you are
serious about working with the Home-Mailers
Program. We know that current Home-Mailers are
happy and making an excellent income just from
reading their testimonials. This makes us happy
and enables us to succeed and continue our
success together. Here are just a couple of the
many testimonials received from Home-Mailers:
 
  I want to thank you for giving me this
opportunity to work for your company. It couldn't
have come along at a better time. The work is so
simple and the pay is incredible. My wife and I
have been stuffing envelopes together part-time
and are exceeding what either of us make at our
full-time jobs. Thanks again!
                     K. Campbell --- Houston, TX
 
  Thanks for everything, I was having trouble
making ends meet at my present employment. But
thanks to you and your Home-Mailers Program, I
was able to pay off some old bills and put money
in the bank. Now I'm looking forward to taking a
well deserved vacation.
                     F. Browning --- Casper, WY

  This is great ! I was hesitant at first, but
I though, what the heck, its only $10 so I
joined and I'm thrilled at the extra money I'm
now making to supliment my pension. Thanks
                    J. Millings --- Dayton, OH
 
Why do we need Home-Mailers? The cost of
supplying an office is more expensive than most
people may think. The cost of office space per
square foot,   taxes employing mailing staff,  
taxes employing supervisors,   taxes, medical
insurance, dental insurance, and office liability
insurance, multiplied by each region we cover,
all involving paperwork, accountants and more
taxes. WE NEED YOUR SERVICES TO SAVE TIME AND
MONEY! Your role in our company is as an
Independent Commission Mailer, not an employee.
We will not take taxes from your checks and we
cannot offer medical or dental insurance. As a
Home-Mailer, your residence and many other
aspects of everyday living can be declared
business expenses. Receive cash-back on your
taxes! You may request copies of personal
materials at any time at no charge to yourself.
You can start the same day you receive our
materials and begin receiving money within days
and have a steady income as long as you desire.
These positions require no prior experience or
special skills. There are many distribution
companies who want to expand their businesses,
but do not want to pay the higher expenses. It is
much easier to have independent Home-Mailers earn
money doing this work themselves. This program is
designed to help people cash in with a company
who needs Home-Mailers. The Home-Mailers Program
has been perfected so that it has become one of
the most successful and profitable programs ever
and is supplying people around the world with
excellent primary and secondary incomes. We
invite you to take part in our success. The money
you earn is up to you. We do not require that you
mail a certain number of envelopes each week. You
can take on whatever amount of business that fits
your schedule and you can stop whenever you want.
There are no obligations. There is no need to do
any door to door selling or phone soliciting. You
may work in the comfort of your own home, choose
your own hours and set your own pace. No need to
leave your present job. Form workshops with your
friends or get the whole family to join in. The
possibilities are UNLIMITED!
 
DUE TO COMPANY EXPANSION U.S. MAILERS ARE NOW
NEEDED FROM EVERY STATE.

Thank you, and we're looking forward to working
with you, together in the future.



__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Make a great connection at Yahoo! Personals.
http://personals.yahoo.com
