Return-Path: <info5042@yahoo.com>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-design@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 9440 invoked from network); 6 Dec 2001 10:01:24 -0000
Received: from mta7.pltn13.pbi.net (64.164.98.8)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 6 Dec 2001 10:01:24 -0000
Received: from server1.bullet.net ([64.160.22.145])
 by mta7.pltn13.pbi.net (iPlanet Messaging Server 5.1 (built May  7 2001))
 with SMTP id <0GNX008CL2HJ65@mta7.pltn13.pbi.net>; Thu,
 06 Dec 2001 02:01:25 -0800 (PST)
Date: Thu, 06 Dec 2001 01:34:42 +0000
From: info5042@yahoo.com
Subject: account
Bcc:
Message-id: <789.671600.382272@server1.bullet.net>
Content-Length: 9704
Lines: 503


Coast distributors!







SOME INFORMATION ABOUT OUR 
COMPANY: 



Coast distributors only 
distributes legal credit 
repair information and 
financial business programs to 
thousands of individuals all 
over the United States. In 
doing so, we have developed a 
work-at-home program for 
individuals interested in the 
opportunity of earning an 
extra $500.00 to $1,500.00 per 
week working directly from the 
comforts of their own home or 
apartment. Our work-at-home 
program is an honest 
opportunity for you to earn a 
serious extra income without 
having to sacrifice a lot of 
your free time. All of the 
work that you will be doing is 
very simple and can be done 
from your desk or right at 
your kitchen table. As a home 
worker, you can work full or 
part time whenever you have 
the free time, mornings, 
afternoons or evenings. In 
addition, there is absolutely 
no experience necessary for 
you to participate in our 
program. Our work-at-home 
program is perfect for 
individuals interested in 
earning a serious extra income 
to help pay off some of their 
bills! That's right, if you 
have car payments, rent,


PROGRAM DESCRIPTION: 



Our program simply involves 
the folding and processing of 
pamphlets. YOU WILL RECEIVE A 
FULL $1.00 FOR EACH AND EVERY 
PAMPHLET THAT YOU PROCESS! 
What do we mean by process? 
It's simple... 



FIRST: You will neatly fold 
the provided preprinted 
single-sided (8 1/2 by 11 
inch) pamphlets into thirds 
[The pamphlet that you will be 
processing will be provided to 
you and will be printed on 
regular 20 lb. (8-1/2 by 11) 
inch paper]. 



SECOND: You will neatly insert 
the folded pamphlets into the 
provided pre-addressed, 
postage paid envelopes [These 
envelopes will be mailed 
directly to your home, 
apartment or mailing address 
with customers' names 
addresses already printed on 
the envelopes along with 
postage already affixed to the 
envelopes]. 



THIRD: Lick and seal these 
envelopes and then drop them 
back into the regular US Mail, 
directly out to the customers. 



It's that simple! You NEVER 
have to pay any postage costs 
to mail out these pamphlets 
and the pre-addressed, postage 
paid envelopes will always be 
mailed directly to your home, 
apartment or mailing address. 
You simply fold the pamphlets, 
insert them in the provided 
envelopes and drop the 
envelopes back into the mail!

Remember, all of the 
processing work can easily be 
done at your desk or right at 
your kitchen table! IMPORTANT: 
We do provide you with the 
actual pamphlet that you will 
be processing which is a sales 
pamphlet for our Credit Repair 
Manual. Our Credit Repair 
Manual is a best-selling 
financial product that many 
people are ordering and using 
to legally clear up their 
negative credit. And since the 
demand for our Credit Repair 
Manual is so OVERWHELMING, you 
will have the opportunity to 
process as many pamphlets as 
your schedule can handle! You 
can process 100...500...1,000 
or even 1,500 pamphlets per 
week, week after week, month 
after month, year after 
year... for as long as you 
wish to participate! 



HOW MUCH MONEY CAN YOU EARN?  



YOU WILL ALWAYS RECEIVE A FULL 
$1.00 FOR EACH & EVERY 
PAMPHLET THAT YOU PROCESS! If 
you process 500 pamphlets you 
will receive a full 
$500.00..If you process 1,000 
pamphlets you will receive a 
full $1,000.00...if you 
process 1,500 pamphlets you 
will receive a full 
$1,500.00..Etc! You will 
always receive A FULL $1.00 
per pamphlet!  What's even 
better about our program is 
that you NEVER have to worry 
about the sale of our Credit 
Repair Manual in order to 
receive your $1.00 per 
pamphlet because our program 
DOES NOT WORK ON COMMISSION! 
You will ALWAYS receive A FULL 
$1.00 for each and every 
pamphlet that you process 
REGARDLESS if any sales are 
made from your mailings! Even 
if you process 1,500 pamphlets 
and no sales are made from 
your mailings, you will still 
earn A FULL$1,500.00! It's 
simple, process 1,500 
pamphlets, receive A FULL 
$1,500.00 for your time and 
effort! Processing payments 
and addi


THERE IS NO EXPERIENCE 
REQUIRED TO PARTICIPATE IN OUR 
PROGRAM: 



Anyone, young or old, male or 
female, any where in the 
United Stated can easily earn 
great money participating in 
our Pamphlet Processing 
Program! The reason why our 
program does not require any 
experience is simple...it does 
not take any previous 
experience to fold a pamphlet, 
insert it into an envelope, 
seal the envelope and drop 
into the mail. Practically 
every person in the world does 
the same thing every day 
mailing out their bills! Plus, 
our program is specially 
beneficial for people who need 
to earn a serious extra income 
but might not have the spare 
time for a second job. As 
stated, just a few hours per 
day could easily earn you well 
over $500.00 per week... NO 
JOKE! Just imagine how nice it 
would be if you could earn an 
extra $500.00 to $1,500.00 per 
week working from your 
home...no more annoying 
boss...no more hectic rush 
hour commuting...no more 
stressful 9 to 5 job...and no 
more headaches! FACT:  
Practically every type of 
person can benefit financially 
from our Pamphlet Process


IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO 
PARTICIPATE: 



We will send you a Starters 
Kit containing the 
instructions necessary for you 
to begin participating 
IMMEDIATELY in our Pamphlet 
Processing Program! Plus, your 
Starters Kit also contains 
your very own copy of Credit 
Repair Manual! That's right 
you can use our best-selling 
manual to legally clear up and 
repair any negative credit 
that you may have! This manual 
is included for becoming a 
member of our Pamphlet 
Processing Program! Once your 
Starters Kit arrives, follow 
the simple instructions.  
After you process your first 
batch of pamphlets you can 
then take the time to 
determine the amount of 
pamphlets that you feel you 
can process each week there 
after. Remember, you can 
participate for as long as you 
choose and at any time you can 
increase or decrease the 
number of pamphlets that you 
are processing. Therefore, to 
get started immediately, all 
that our company requires is a 
one-time nonrefundable order 
processing fee of only $45. 
Please understand, we cannot 
afford to send out a package 
of valu


P.S. KNOW A FRIEND WHO MIGHT 
BE INTERESTED?

PRINT A COPY FOR ALL YOUR 
FRIENDS AND FAMILY.

NOTE: ALL ORDERS FROM FRIENDS 
AND FAMILY

MUST BE ACCOMPANIED WITH THE 
$45 PROCESSING FEE.

YOU MAY INCLUDE FAMILY AND 
FRIENDS ORDERS IN ONE 
ENVELOPE.

PLEASE BE SURE TO HAVE A 
SEPARATE ORDER FORM FOR EACH 
PERSON.

PRINT, COMPLETE AND MAIL IN 
THE ORDER FORM BELOW!

IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A PRINTER, 
YOU MAY COPY THE ORDER

FOR ONTO STANDARD NOTEBOOK 
PAPER.  PLEASE USE PEN.





Please mail in the order form 
only. Print below this line 
only!

-----------------------------
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
-----------------------





- PROCESSING DEPARTMENT -

Coast distributors!

6047 Tampa Blvd. #440

Tarzana Ca 91356



- HOMEWORKER ORDER FORM -

* FORM AFC-50: 17.F (USE 
1999-2000) *  





[PLEASE PROVIDE US WITH THE 
CORRECT MAILING ADDRESS TO 
SHIP YOUR STARTERS KIT]







FIRST 
NAME:______________________LAS
TNAME:_______________________



ADDRESS:______________________
_____________________APT.#:___
________



CITY:_________________________
______STATE:_________ZIPCODE__
_________



DAY PHONE:
(____)________-_______   
EVENING #:
(____)_______-________



BIRTHDATE:__/__/__   EMAIL 
ADDRESS_______________________
____



SIGNATURE_____________________
__________TODAYS 
DATE___/___/___





YES, I would like the 
opportunity to earn extra 
money working right from the 
comfort of my home or 
apartment participating in the 
Pamphlet Processing Program. I 
under stand that my starter's 
kit will contain the 
instructions necessary to get 
me started IMMEDIATELY as a 
member of the Pamphlet 
Processing Program! I also 
understand that my Starters 
Kit will contain my very own 
copy of the CREDIT REPAIR 
MANUAL! I understand that I 
can use the CREDIT REPAIR 
MANUAL to legally clear up and 
repair any negative credit 
that I might have! I 
understand that this material 
is provided to me for becoming 
a member of the Pamphlet 
Processing Program! I also 
understand that I will be free 
to set my own hours and 
participate in the program 
either part-time or full-time. 
I do understand that a small 
(Nonrefundable) fee of $45 is 
a ONE TIME FEE ONLY! I will 
not have to pay Coast 
distributors any other fees, 
EVER! 



IMPORTANT: Since we DO NOT 
want to create any unnecessary 
competition between our 
existing members we do reserve 
the right to stop accepting 
new members if our quota is 
met. Therefore, if you are 
serious about this income 
opportunity we do suggest that 
you mail in you completed form 
IMMEDIATELY that will 
GUARANTEE the delivery of your 
Starters Kit!



DESIRED WEEKLY INCOME:  100  
300  500  700  900  1000  1100 
1200 1400 1500



IMPORTANT:$50.00 ENCLOSED [$45 
+ $5 Postage & Handling]





PLEASE CHECK ONE:  CASH ___ 
CHECK ___ MONEY ORDER ___



CHECKS & MONEY ORDERS MUST BE 
PAYABLE TO:   Coast 
distributors



IMPORTANT: Please allow 4 
weeks processing and delivery 
time!



WHERE DID YOU SEE OUR COMPANY 
ADVERTISEMENT?



NEWS 
PAPER____RECYCLER____MAIL____E
MAIL____OTHER____



-----------------------------
-----------------------------
-----------------------------
--------

Please DO NOT print below this 
line!


All requests to be taken off 
our mailing list are honored 
upon receipt.
removingme@yahoo.com and type 
remove in the subject box to 
be taken off our list.



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
